The session started back in the vault hallway. You left, going for the safe in the office. You took it upstairs, opened a window, and tossed it out. The window opening triggered a detached bell noise due to being alarmed. This wasn't helped by the fact that the town guard had been alerted a while ago, and were making their way to the property. You rushed out, scooped up the documents that were inside the safe, and left to make camp outside Tradegate.

The documents told you that the vault had poisonous gas in it, and that it was protected by an easy to guess password. You returned the next morning to the building swarming with town guard. You attempted to talk your way in, which didn't work because Baristus Silver, the head of the guard, was suspicious of you and specifically Thistle.

In order to gain access, you sent Thistle to act like a terrorist, murdering one guard and injuring another, and luring the rest away from the mansion, allowing an opening for Uthal and Kazaan to gain access. They made their way to the vault, opened it up, and managed to steal some documents and bags of uniformly cut, orange gems. You also got your hands on a small amount of gold bars.

Meanwhile, Thistle made a noble sacrifice, casting burning hands inside himself and blowing himself up, killing another guard and injuring 5. This explosion distracted a number of guards inside the mansion, allowing Uthal and Kazaan to escape. However, Kazaan tripped and fell, losing some gold bars and alerting the guards. You still managed to escape, but the town guard is likely to be even more suspicious of you all. You made your way back to the walking castle, which is where we pick back up.