> You awake to a familiar sight of the crystals. You are once again trapped, and the dream plays out how it usually does. You try to move, to break free, to no avail. But thats when it changes, becomes different. You cease struggling, looking forward to see a familiar hilt of a weapon floating in front of your crystal, as if it sees you.
> 
> Theres a sudden flash, and you find yourself standing in golden sand. You look around to see an endless abyss, populated by glistening stars in the sky. Closer to you floats hundreds of hour glasses all around, slowly draining their sand from bottom to top. They're about a fifth of the way empty.
---
> After a moment, a familiar hilt reappears in front of you, floating, as if it sees you.
----
Your arm moves before you command it to, and you see numerous more arms also reaching for the hilt. More versions of yourself, as if in unison, also reach for the hilt, mirroring your own movement.

> You feel a sharp pain along your arm, and recoil back from the hilt. The other arms do not. After a moment they begin to glitch, before being pulled into the hilt. The many runes along the hilt light up in order as the essence of the variants is pulled into them. The blade begins to thrum with power, and each side of the hilt grows into a wide scimitar blade made of prismatic energy, reminiscent of the glitch.
----
The blades snap shut and the hilt drops lifelessly to the sand below you. You look down, and around the hilt, laid in the sand, are 4 more pieces of equipment. A pair of stone gauntlets, inlaid with colourful runes. A red-bladed longsword, with a paper thin edge. A golden trident, with seashells and seaweed encircling the staff. And a twisting greatsword made of bark and brambles, with feathers decorating the hilt.
----
You awake to find yourself clutching the sword hilt. Almost cuddling it.