You started the session by setting up camp in the savannah outside of Faunel. In the middle of the night, you were visited by a rough looking gnoll with golden teeth, a scraggly beard, and a raggedy safari hat. He was in the area and thought he'd come say hello. He claimed to be a trader of "exotic goods". You were weary but he was otherwise friendly and left after cooking himself some meat that Bawk stole.

As you travelled on the following day, you were interrupted by a bloodied Capybara screaming for help and running away from something. This was Barry who had recently become aware of his own mortality by an Awaken spell after being jumped by a "magic nerd" and "weird furry cackling creatures". He asked to join you, saying that he always wanted to learn magic. 

You followed him to the watering hole where he claimed to have been attacked and interviewed the few beasts still around. The wildebeest hadn't seen anything, but one of the crows had. Thistle then interrogated the grass and a tree, who helped him find tracks. There were three sets of tracks; one where humanoid, and the other two were animal-like but bipedal.

You then entered the jungle surrounding Faunel, and stumbled across a Heralds of Dust burial by a burialist and a mummy. Bawk, the 100% not chaotic good kenku, attacked them, but was promptly possessed by spirits, downing him in one shot with a perfect 45 damage. You dispatched them, but as you killed the burialist, she said that you were one who "Skall warned of" and that she would tell him of your whereabouts. You can safely assume that this won't be the last time you see her.

The body they were placing upon the stone table glitched to look like Bawk with a wound that punctured through both sides of his body. It glitched back to normal, revealing an Aarakocra with a headband of intellect on their body. 

You continued through the jungle and eventually made it to a small clearing where you stopped to take a breather. Over the silence, you heard a gunshot and saw smoke climbing above the treeline. Thistle barrelled through the trees towards it, the rest of you in tow. The trees began turning more and more burnt and on fire, eventually culminating in a burnt out clearing. In this clearing, a fight between a tall fey woman alongside a centaur and bariaur against a horde of invading gnolls. You joined in the fight, hearing of more to come, which is where we pick back up.