The session began with a second horde of gnolls joining the fight. You hacked and slashed and dragged them through the wall of thorns whilst protecting and calming the animals. The elephant began to rampage, but you managed to calm it down enough to finish the fight. 

The druid immediately began attempting to put out the fire, to which a few of you helped. The rest helped calm panicked animals, or provide first aid to injured ones. Eventually, through teamwork, you managed to herd all the animals back towards the village. 

The druid introduced herself as Iris, Thistle's Patron. She welcomed Thistle and Bawk back, but, as is custom, she required that rest of you allow her to vet you. She cast Detect Thoughts, to varied response. Augh'er allowed her, Kazaan didn't but managed to convince her, and Uthal attempted to resist but couldn't. She probed Uthal's mind, seeing the various evil things he had done, specifically pushing his surrendered prisoner off the castle. A confrontation ensued, with Iris insulting and belittling Uthal. Fortunately, a fight was avoided, and Bawk convinced Iris to allow his entry. She required that he remove his armour and weapons.

Entering the village, Iris introduced it as the Nursery - a place for the vulnerable and injured to heal and rest under her protection. She showed Augh'er to the infirmary for his sunfly. He left it there, learning that it had been overloaded with energies from the lower planes. Iris then took you all to her hall, where you explained the ins and outs of your situation, asking how she knew Bawk. Iris had sent Thistle to Camp Greenbriar after hearing of poacher attacks. Bawk was attacked by poachers, losing his eye, but Thistle managed to rescue him. A few days later whilst Bawk recovered at the Nursery, another member of Iris' table rescued a modron from a similar fate, one with a multicoloured wing. He claimed to have returned to Faunel to speak with Bawk, and Bawk had found the information the modron had asked about. They had gone by the morning, so Iris knew no more. Thistle asked to follow them, and Iris allowed. She kept in contact for a month or two, knowing that they had all met up again, but lost contact quickly after that. They had left around a year ago. You awoke in the Mortuary a few months ago, so there is a period in the middle unaccounted for. 

You also mentioned the Walking Castle to her, and she said that she could possibly repair it, but would need you to kill the leader of the hunters, Mick Mangehide, first. She has a portal to Faunel and allowed you to use it, giving Thistle the key. The key is a ring that also allows you to cast Teleportation Circle to return to the Nursery once per 2d4 days. 

You travelled to Camp Greenbriar, meeting Razak the sloth. He is the leader of the camp, and also recognised Bawk. The market was open, and Kazaan ordered a potion of necrotic resistance for 450gp, half up front. Bawk's bookstore was still standing, untouched. On the desk, a book about the Great Modron March and an old letter from Paint Squeeze telling Bawk to meet in the usual spot as he had information for him. After enquiring, Razak told you that Paint Squeeze had left Faunel a few months ago for Sylvania to pursue his arts career.

You then travelled to the gate of Faunel by the guidance of Razak. The gate is a large pond amid ruins and is guarded by Wrath, a giant stone statue. You were honest and he allowed you to enter the pool, filling in the Mimir.