Your return from the gate of Faunel was interrupted by the voracious snapping of bones and laugh like vocalisations of gnolls, messily consuming a corpse of an ibex that you would later learn to be Oka, an advisor to Ophelia. 

After dealing with the gnolls, Razak asked you to accompany him to visit Ophelia in Heart Delta and inform her of Oka's death. You did, and she informed you about the Vile Hunt and asked that you deal with them with the promise of payment and a Figurine of Wondrous Power, along with supporting a raid of their lair. She directed you towards Ebonclaw, the leader of the carnivores in Razortooth Rock. She told you that they had recently defeated Ebonclaw in battle, and suspected that this was his retaliation. Bawk also encountered Sneezer here, a kenku, and recruited him in his crusade against the Vile Hunt. 

You returned to Camp Greenbriar to further recruit kenku, enlisting Goose Honk and Hoe Scrape to your cause. Saw Wobble, the merchant, declined due to his age, but offered to put together equipment to aid you conquest. Uthal also talked to Slimy Silvia and learned of her friend who was captured by the Vile Hunt. Her friend, Trixy, helped her transport goods from Semuanya's Bog, and without her she can't easily transport them so has had to up her prices. 

With an entourage of kenku, you marched upon Razortooth Rock. As you entered, various predators watched you and walked behind you, guarded. Ebonclaw, nursing injured lions and tigers, refused to talk to outsiders unless you proved yourself. He asked for a gift of yak meat, which you procured from Camp Greenbriar for a small fee of 200gp. Ebonclaw accepted, and told you that he had nothing to do with the Vile Hunt and loathed them for their presence in the gatetown. He also admitted that he and his pride were in the wrong for attacking a herd under the protection of Ophelia. He finished by suggesting that you visit Parvaz in Eagle's Aerie, as his bird followers see all that goes on in the forest, and that should you discover the whereabouts of the Vile Hunt, he would be happy to support a raid and pay you to dispatch of them. 

As you travelled to Eagle's Aerie, you happened across more Vile Hunt, this time attacking an Owl Bear and her cub. Your party dispatched of them, and returned the cub to her. 

We pick back up as your approach Eagle's Aerie, the home of the birds.