You finished up all your tasks in Faunel, including returning to the various faction leaders and being rewarded for dealing with the Vile Hunt. This allowed you to return to Iris, Thistle's Patron, and ask her for assistance in repairing the walking castle. She agreed, and you took her to the castle's current location and promised to help. In the mean time, she allowed you to use a portal in the Nursery to take you to Sylvania, the gate town of endless partying.

You arrived, and were immediately assaulted by all manner of party goers vying for your attention. A fey with a clipboard asked to take your name for an upcoming party and Augh'er agreed. The fey smiled and disappeared, with Augh'er forgetting his name. You met a group of well dressed elves carrying a fish bowl filled with violet liquid that looked vaguely like a punch bowl. Inside the liquid sat a single quipper, who the elves introduced as Prince Philnixius Bombo. You also met a cranium rat swarm who asked to stow one of their members in your packs, due to being severely drunk. Uthal volunteered, and now stores a drunk cranium rat in their bag.

As you explored further into the gatetown, you were approached by a Satyr in an airy gown, who greeted you all by name as if they knew you. You learn from her that everyone in the gatetown knows surface level information about each other, such as their name. You also learned that this Satyr was called Kallista, and was possessed (consensually) by one of the gatetown's seven Spiritors, this one called Danai. You explained that you needed to find the gate, and you learnt that the location of the gate changes sporadically, and that only the Spiritors know of its location. She agreed to show you to it if you kept a visitor to the gate town out of trouble for a day. The visitor was Kopoha, a child of a god of storms. Shes an Empyrean, so is positively massive at 18 feet tall.

You met Kopoha arguing with a calm elf bouncer after attempting to break into an invite only party run by Rillifane Rallathil, an elf god of nature at the Yearning Timbers. You defuse the situation and offer to take Kopoha to different, more fun parties.

You first took Kopoha to the Afterparty underneath the Yearning Timbers, where you beat Jergal and his skeletons at a game of Skull Bocce, and Kazaan earned himself a Golden Skull of Jergal. 

Next, you encouraged a hesitant Kopoha to come with you to a small, quiet clearing in the middle of the woods with a disserted table of food, promising to throw your own party there. The walk to it took an eerily long time, and when Uthal and Augh'er ate from the table, they disappeared once out of view of people. No one knows where they went, and they returned as their new variants when you left the clearing. This thoroughly spooked Kopoha, who dragged Kazaan out to leave the area. You later learned from the locals that this spot was called Widow's Henge, and that anyone who eats from the food disappears, never to be seen again. 

You continued on to another party hosted by pixies at Goodberry Grove. To fit in the event, which took place in small buildings inside various mushrooms and toadstools, you were all shrunk down, with Kopoha taking on the size of a Halfling. You ventured into the event, learning that it was hosted by the famed King Ewren III who was holding a competition of acts to impress him. Eager to do so, you called upon your old friend Winter's Bite to play with you all, who had seen decent success in Sigil since his debut in Fortune's Wheel. Using various spells to add pyrotechnics, you thoroughly impressed the King. Whilst he gave a congratulations speech to you all, the roof of the mushroom was torn off by the teeth of a Blink Dog, and the King was swallowed whole. The mushroom was filled with screams and panic, and you decided to take your leave during the commotion. 

You decided, as your last event, to break into the Yearning Timber's party to close out the night. You all devised a master plan; Uthal and Augh'er would pretend to fight to distract the Fire Giant and Elf bouncers, and Kazaan and Kopoha would sneak into the event. This worked somewhat, with Uthal and Augh'er not pulling their punches, and the Fire Giant attempting to grapple them apart. This provided an opening for Kazaan and Kopoha to slip in, which is where we'll be picking back up. 