You started the session with a fun game of Spire Ball for the fate of an innocent person's soul. The game was between Celestials and Fiends. Bawk and Uthal joined the Fiends, while Augh'er joined the Celestials, winning for them. And then of course, Uthal started a fight.

You then arrived at Tradegate, heading straight for the markets, only to find out that you needed to transfer your currency to Lodestars, small, magnetic cobalt coins, for it to be accepted. You headed for the Trademill Mint to do this. Whilst in the line, business was interrupted by a 3 legged, 3 armed clay creature who phased through the stone floor. He was hungry and was there to do some shopping. He phased through the wall and headed to the vault, shovelling gold, gems, and other valuables into his mouth, before phasing through the wall and vanishing.

You were enlisted by the leader of the town guard to put a stop to it, and the Mint closed for the day. He encouraged you to head the Manyroad's Maps to see if there were any caverns below the town. Lo and behold there were, and you headed down there.

Bawk died 3 times to a rickety bridge. Augh'er failed to jump the gap, with Uthal unable to save him because of his slipperiness, and he fell to his first death. You came across a friendly mimic, who invited you to help him finish his crossword. You answered most of them, but failed to answer two; The Factol of the Heralds of Dust, and the famed white dragon who's debut performance was at Fortune's Wheel. You then came to a large statue of the creature you're chasing, holding a boulder in a weightlifting position, guarded by 2 earth elementals. You dealt with the elementals, who dropped a gemstone key. After toiling over what to do with the key, you importantly threw it in the statue's open mouth. This opened up a portal to a massive, open cavern.

The landscape was littered with more statues in other self indulgent poses. You followed a path to a nearby cave, which was decorated with stone furnishings. Stone couched, a stone TV with a cave painting of people sat around a table starring Matthias Mercy. The creature was home, and he offered you a plate of tasty gems, and told you about how a dwarf with golden jewellery told him he could shop at the Mint, at that the dwarf's name started with an "Era" noise, but he doesn't remember. You thanked him and started to leave, before realising you don't know which statue you came here with, and that you left the portal key in the mouth of statue, and you are stuck. And that is where we pick back up.